Zetian Jin
857-880-4128 skyjin@bu.edu LinkedIn Boston, MA
EDUCATION
Boston University (GPA: 3.96/4.0) Bachelor of Computer Science Shanghai Starriver Bilingual School SKILLS
MA, USA
Sep.2023 - Jun.2027(Expected)
Shanghai, China Sep.2020 - Jun.2023
⚫ Programming: Java, Python, C++, HTML/CSS/JavaScript
⚫ Software: MySQL, PostgreSQL, AWS (RDS, EC2, VPC, Elastic Load Balancer, S3, DynamoDB), Redis, Docker
⚫ Framework: Design Patterns (MVC, Factory, Singleton), Maven, Spring, Flask, MyBatis, Junit, React
INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE
Backend Engineer Intern | NextTier Tech July.2024 – Present
⚫ Designed and implemented a Java Spring Boot scheduler to automatically retrieve live cryptocurrency data from
multiple exchanges, standardize the information, and store it in a PostgreSQL database in AWS RDS.
⚫ Led initiatives to improve software reliability by identifying system vulnerabilities and implementing JUnit and
integration testing, eliminating 5 potential errors and ensuring alignment between client and backend contracts.
⚫ Improved application responsiveness for concurrent users by utilizing Java's concurrency features, achieving a 3x
increase in performance and reducing processing time from 120 minutes to 80 minutes.
⚫ Deployed the web on an EC2 instance within a VPC, configured with private subnets and security groups, and
integrated with a target group and Elastic Load Balancer to ensure high availability and dynamic traffic management.
Full Stack Engineer Intern |BU CSSA @ Tech Dept Aug.2024 – Present
⚫ Involved in end-to-end development and DevOps for Tech department of BUCSSA, the largest non-profit at BU.
⚫ Developed BUCSSA’s official website using Flask with over 150,000 user interactions in a year and refactored the
online lottery feature that supports up to 1,500 concurrent requests/sec for large events, a 2.4x improvement.
⚫ Developed a dual-interface portal using Flask, allowing applicants to submit information and department heads to
manage profile data and interviews, with MySQL on RDS for data storage and AWS S3 for document storage.
Representative |BU CSSA @ Marketing Dept Jan.2024 - Present
⚫ Achieved over $10,000 in value by successfully negotiating and collaborating with companies such as Visa, PingAn
Bank, Chowbus, and Fantuan Delivery to support BUCSSA's initiatives.
⚫ Organized the largest orientations for BU students in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Beijing and other key events.
PROJECTS EXPERIENCE
Mar. 2022 - May.2022
CEO | International Economics Olympiad Contest-Senior Level ⚫ Led the team in task delegation, market analysis, and company logo design
⚫ Developed a comprehensive business plan and delivered a presentation for an AI company within 10 hours.
⚫ Achieved Individual Award: High Distinction (Top 10%); Group Award: High Distinction (Top 10%).
Founder and Activity Organizer | Video Club: Vibestudio Jun. 2021 - Present
⚫ Created over 30 original videos and translated 350+ videos, collaborating with other school clubs on documentaries.
⚫ Achieved 300 million+ views and 5k Subscribers and voted Most Influential Club in high school in both 2021 & 2022.
Intern & Editor | Spanish White Oak Film Prod. Jul. 2022 - Sept.2022
⚫ Assisted in film shooting and editing, contributing to both documentaries and advertisement production.
⚫ Researched topics including double carbon target and clean energy and implemented them in documentaries.